--------
Temperature:0.0
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.01
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.02
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.03
#1989 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1780 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a confession about my problems but I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to my room and then I see the people at the top of the start of the second time.
#1899 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.04
#1785 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1789 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to a confession about my professor and the people are the same and they are always the ones who are always there for me. I don't know what to do.
#1879 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1785 I want to get to know someone who is a big piece of shit. I want to be a little bit better but I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.05
#1779 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1775 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1870 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a conversation with a girl who is a big person and I don't know why I don't want to be a bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1780 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to a course 6 but I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.06
#1198 I want to go to MIT but I'm a grad student and I don't know what to do. I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1858 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to a course 6 but I just can't be an old self right night to see if I don't want to be a bit crush on anyone and I don't know what to do.
#1885 I want to start a confession about the people who are so cool and I want to start to think about it. I don't want to be a good friend anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1831 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a conversation with a girl who is a bit of a big problem and then I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to anyone. I was a senior and I was so scared of the pset but I don't know what to do.
#1785 I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to anyone about the student center and I was so scared of the problem and the state of the content of the world is the most important thing that I am too. I don't want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.07
#1780 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to a course 6 but I just want to go to a course 6 class. I just want to go to MIT and then I still have to go to MIT and then I still have to go to MIT and then I still have to go to MIT and then I see them all the time. I jus
#1718 I want to start a confession about the semester and I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a confession about my professor and the people I'm seeing about is that I should have to go to MIT and then I just want to go to MIT and then I want to get to know her better. I just want to get to know her bet
#1579 I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to anyone about the student center and the only thing that I was to do with my boyfriend. I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to her about how much I was and was so scared of the people I was to think about. I was a freshman and I was so s
#1785 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.08
#1859 I want to start a confession about the semester and I want to go to MIT but I feel like I have a crush on my boyfriend. I don't know what to do.
#1899 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a confession about my problems but I feel like I'm always so sad and I don't know what to do.
#1959 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to a confession about my problems but I don't know what to do.
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1785 I want to say that I can be a community and a lot of people who are always the ones who are always there for me. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.09
#1981 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a confession about my professor and the people I'm seeing about is the most important that I've ever met are the same and the only thing that I can think about is that I don't want to be a little bit better and
#1889 I want to go to MIT but I can't be able to get the confidence basic science because I can't be able to do anything about it. I don't know what to do.
#1887 I want to start a confession about the people who are in the morning and they are so cool and I want to talk to anyone about it. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1859 I want to be a good friend who is a big person and I want to say that I don't want to be a good friend anymore. I don't know what to do.
#18899 I want to start a confession about the people who are so cool and I want to go to MIT and they are so cool and I just want to be a little bit better and I feel like I'm a social person and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.1
#1989 I want to say that I can be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1775 I want to start a confession about the confessions page and the people are so cool and I want to start to think about it and then they are so damn cool and I feel like I'm a social presence and I don't know why I don't want to be a bit of a bit of a dick and a bunch of people at MIT and I don
#1999 I want to start a confession about the semester and I want to go to class and then they are so cool and I want to start to think about it. I just want to go to my room and then I see them all the time. I just want to say that I don't want to be a little bit of a lie. I don't want to be a bit 
#1185 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a long time and the people I'm saying is that I have no idea what to do.
#1979 I want to say that I was a freshman and I was a senior and I was too scared to talk to anyone about the semester and I was too scared to talk to my friend about me and then I was so sad and I was so sad and then I was so sad and I was so sad and then I was too shy to ask her out. I was so sad
--------
Temperature:0.11
#1373 I want to say that I want to get to know you better because I want to start the first semester at MIT and I want to start the confidence between you and the semester and the semester is too much of a shame to the point where I can tell you that I was a senior and I was so scared of the person
#1705 I want to say that I'm a senior, but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1783 I want to start a confession about the people who are in the stud are the most attractive people I've ever met. I want to start a conversation with them and they are so depressed and I don't know why I don't know what to do.
#1719 I want to say that I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and I don't know what to do.
#1999 I want to start the confessions about my professor and the people I've met are the same and the only thing that makes me feel like I'm doing well. I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.12
#1888 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to get to know her better but I feel like I don't know what to do.
#1280 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1870 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit of a conversation with the person that I am not doing and that I can be anyway because I don't want to be a bit better than anyone anymore. I don't know what to do.
#18599 I want to go to MIT but I have a crush on my boyfriend. I want to stop being an adult and I don't know what to do.
#1098 I want to be a good friend who is a senior and I want to start the conversation with my boyfriend. I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.13
#1599 I have a crush on this guy and I want to go to school with her but I don't know how to feel about it.
#17898 I want to start a confession about the people on the confessions page and they are so cool and I want to start a conversation with them and they are so fucking socially awkward and I just want to say that I want to be a little bit about it because I don't know what to do.
#1988 I have a crush on this girl who is so smart and he says that he says that he says that he says that he says that he said "I was a shitty day and was so sad and started with the same person and the state of the world is a big part of the world. I don't know what to do.
#1780 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to be a little bit better and also the people I know are about the same person and they are always the ones who are always there for me. I don't know what to do.
#1873 I was so sad and the best thing to do with my boyfriend and I was too busy to get to know her better but I don't know how to feel about it.
--------
Temperature:0.14
#1873 I want to start a conversation with my boyfriend. I don't know what to do.
#1919 I want to go to MIT but I'm a grad student and I want to start to get the fuck out of my classes and then I still have to go to MIT and I feel like I'm a sophomore and I feel like I'm a sophomore and I feel like I'm a sophomore and I'm so scared of the people I'm interested in. I just want to
#1798 I want to get to know how to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1380 I want to talk to my boyfriend but I don't know what to do.
#1570 I was a freshman and I was so socially awkward that I still haven't been able to do anything but then I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to anyone about the semester. I thought I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to my friend about my problems and I was too shy to get to kn
--------
Temperature:0.15
#1958 I have a crush on this girl who is so smart and he says that I'm so happy that I can be anywhere else. I don't know what to do.
#1171 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go to MIT and then I see the people who are so confused and I think I could just get a good friend and they are always the ones who are always there for me. I feel like I'm a social person and I don't know what to do.
#1701 I want to be a little bit better than anyone anymore. I am a grad student and I still have a crush on my boyfriend. I have a crush on him but I don't know how to feel about him. I want to be able to get through this person but I don't know how to feel about the sex of my life. I don't know wh
#1889 I think I'm a senior and I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I just want to go back to the person on the start of the second time.
#1589 I have a crush on someone who is so into me and I want to go back to class and then I see them at the time. I can't stop thinking about them and they are so confused. I think I would be a lot better than anyone. I want to think about it but I feel like I'm always the ones who are always so st
--------
Temperature:0.16
#18798 I want to stop being an adult so I can be a little bit better than my friend and I don't know what to do.
#1889 I was a freshman and I was so scared to talk to anyone about the people I was to the course of my life. I was always there for the first time and I was so scared of the people I was to the person who were too afraid to convert me to the person who was too interested in me and then I was a fre
#1585 I have a crush on this girl who is so smart and interested in me. I don't know what to do.
#1918 I just want to get out of bed before I graduate. I have a crush on my boyfriend but I know that there are a lot of people who are always so self worth it. I don't know what to do.
#1919 I want to start a conversation with my friend and I don't know why I want to be a good friend. I just want to be able to get to know her better, but I feel like I'm a social person and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.17
#1157 I want to go to MIT but I want to get the fuck out of my classes and the confessions page is going to be a little bit better than my friends and I don't know what to do.
#1785 I want to go to MIT but I don't know why I want to get to know my boyfriend because I want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1571 I want to go to MIT but I'm so scared of the problem sets and the people I've met are the same and the people I've met are so shitty and they are so confused. I don't know what to do.
#1785 I was a freshman and I was so scared to tell my parents to talk to me about the world and I was a senior and I was so scared of the people I knew who I was to think about is that I was a bunch of people and they are always the ones who are always the ones who are always there for me. I don't 
#1573 I want to start a factor on the confessions page but I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.18
#1579 I just want to be a woman or a senior who is so cool and I want to say that I can be a little bit better and I don't know why I was a little bit of a disappointing and a half and part of the state of my friends. I was too scared to tell my parents to talk to me but I don't know what to do.
#1879 I want to be a white guy who was actually a big person and I was hoping to see him again. I don't know what to do.
#1884 I want to get to know you better but I don't know what to do. I wish I could just go to you. I wish I could just say that I was a little bit of a dick and then I was too shy to ask and the only thing that I was and then I was too shy to say that I was so scared of the person I was to think ab
#1477 I wish I was a course 6 and I was so socially awkward to be a pretty good friend and I was too scared to tell my parents to talk to me about it. I don't know what to do.
#1899 I just want to say that I can be a course 6 but I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.19
#1908 I have a crush on you, but I still have to take a shot and see you and then I see you and then you see me as a senior and I want to talk to you and you are so sore and I think you are a bit crush on your life and then you can see your friend group or something.
#1999 I just want to get to know my boyfriend because I want to go back to the professor and then they should have to go to the same time and they are so confused. I don't know what to do anymore.
#1918 I was a freshman and I was a freshman and I was so sad and I was too scared to talk to anyone. I thought I was a freshman and I was a senior and I was too scared to talk to anyone about the people I was to talk to and then they were so disappointed when I was too shy and they were too afraid 
#1355 I want to start a conversation with my boyfriend. I want to talk to her, but I don't know how to feel. I know that I don't know how to feel about it. I just want to be able to get through this person and I don't know what to do.
#1573 I was a freshman and I was so sad and I was so socially awkward to be here. I was a freshman and I was so scared to see him again. I could go away and started doing the same time and then I was so sad and then I was so sad. I was so sad and that I was a senior and I was so scared to talk to m
--------
Temperature:0.2
#1810 I want to start the semester and the state of the president of the student center for the summer and the student center is the most athletic place. I can be a lot of the things that I mean and considered the fact that I was a feminist, but I still have to take a second to contribute to the si
#11739 I was a freshman and a lot of people that I wanted to be with my girlfriend and I was always so tired of her. I was too scared to tell my parents about the sex or something. I was too shy to get to know her better, but I don't know what to do.
#1879 I was a freshman and I was at MIT and I was so scared to talk to her about my boyfriend and I was so scared of the people and I was so scared of the problem with a girl who was told that I was a freshman and I still haven't gotten more and more attractive and then I was a freshman and I was s
#1942 I want to ask my girlfriend to the post before the exam was a bitch.
#1779 I want to say that I can be a bit better than my friends. I want to go to my room and then I see a study break and then I see them all the time. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.21
#1170 I want to start a confession about the people who are so socially awkward and they are always the ones who are so depressed. I just want to go to MIT and they always get me the same and have to be a lot of people and I don't know what to do anymore.
#1758 I want to be a little bit about my professor and want to be a good friend who is a big person and they are always so sick of me. I always feel like I have a conversation with a conversation with a guy on my phone and then I see it as a person who is also the only person that I know and want t
#1183 I feel like I'm a senior and I just want to be a good friend and I don't know what to do.
#1085 I want to go to a confession about my professor but I still haven't been able to convince myself to the people in my life. I want to be a little bit about it because I don't want to be a bit better than anyone else. I don't know what to do.
#12717 I want to be a good friend who is a big person and I don't know why I want to be a good person and I don't know how to think of anyone who is a bit of a shit about me. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.22
#1561 I want to drop out and start with a bunch of people and they are always going to be a little bit better than me because I know that they won't be able to be a bit more and more about the world and the people are the same and the only people that don't have to do things that make me feel like 
#1199 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to get to know you better but I don't know what to do.
#17300 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do. I just want to go back to the professor and start to think about it when I see them and I just want to say that I don't want to talk to anyone about it. I just want to be a little bit better and have to be a little bit of a loner to the person
#1290 I want to start a conversation with my friend and I have a crush on him. I just want to say that I don't have the future but I don't know how to feel about how much I like to say that I don't want to be able to do that anymore. I just want to be a good friend and I just want to be a good frie
#1030 I've been the best thing I've ever met at MIT but I've never met anyone else who is the one who was going to cuddle with me alone and then something I could do and want to be a good friend and I was too shy and stressed about it. I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.23
#1081 I have a crush on you, but I still have a crush on you. I don't know what to do.
#18799 I want to be a bit more about my boyfriend but I don't know how to stop being an option for the last time I was a freshman. I don't know what to do.
#17756 I was a bird on the back of the stud and the worst part of the content on my laptop but then I was so sad and so I could stick to them so I could get to know her and then I was too afraid to talk to anyone and I was so scared of the past three years before. I think the student comments are s
#1879 I have a crush on this girl who is so smart and cute and I have a sex dream about how he sees him as a company and then we were so sore of the stress and so hard to see him again. I also don't know what to do. I don't want to be a pretty good friend anymore. I have to say that I don't have th
#1659 I want to get out of bed for the first time and I have a crush on him but I don't want to be able to get the chance of having to be a good friend.
--------
Temperature:0.24
#18999 I want to start a confession about the semester and I just want to go back to the president of my life. I just want to be able to start the conversation with my friends and start to be able to feel like I'm alone. I just want to say that I don't want to be a good friend anymore. I just want 
#16513 I was working on my team and the people who were so cute and I was too shy to say that I was so happy that I was so scared of when I was excited and the worst part is that I was a bit of a bit of a long time and the person who I thought was the one that I was there for my time and the same p
#10605 I want to be a bit fucking aware of the senior house and comments about the people at MIT. I don't know what to do anymore.
#17313 I still have a crush on you but I don't know what to do. I'm sorry I just want to see you again.
#1175 I want to be a good friend who would be a little bit better and it's a bit more than a more than a couple of weeks. I have a crush on him and he says that I don't want to be a bit far away. I don't want to do that but I feel like a pretty much better than anyone and I don't think I would be a
--------
Temperature:0.25
#17489 I want to get out of bed before I graduate with a guy and he has a boyfriend and I don't know how to feel. I don't know what to do.
#1392 I just want to be a dick and not be able to consider the problem with the most important thing and the state of the world and the same people who are always fine as the above. They are not the people who are always the only person who can take a condom on the same time. They are always the on
#1997 I have a girlfriend who would be a little bit better and stressed about me. I don't know what to do.
#18839 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do about it but I feel like I don't know what to do.
#13591 I wish I could be a good friend who has the same men of my life. I know that there are so many people who are always there for me that I have a conversation with my friend and a lot of my friends and I want to be able to ask about them as a person or anything. I know that there are many peop
--------
Temperature:0.26
#1770 I have a crush on my boyfriend but I still have to get a sense of hurt and still have the chance of her. Do I just say that the worst part is that I don't have any friends that I think about it?
#17237 I want to be a complete student who would be a lot of the people to make me super sad and something is that it would be a lot of thinking that I would be a lot better than anyone and the only thing that makes me feel a self-degree about the sex life. I want to stop being an adult and I don't
#1085 I was talking about the semester and the comments are so damn cool and I'm so socially awkward to the person that I don't know about is that I have to admit that I have no idea what to do. I know that I won't be able to reach out to anyone, but I can't be able to get the same again. I don't k
#11455 I was a straight guy on the Simmons ball and I was so sad and the best thing to do is coming out of the world and the stress of the world was a good place. I was so sad and there was a chance that I was a freshman and I was always so tired and I was so scared to talk to her about my suicide 
#1457 I want to say that I can be a little bit better than my friends and they start to come to my life and they are so confused. I was being able to stop being an actual person and I was so sad and so would be able to leave them and then they are so desperate. I don't know why I want to be a bit f
--------
Temperature:0.27
#17979 I want to go to the bathroom and the professor is to the point where I won't be able to say that the student community starts finding them as a community story and the consequences of the social media is a creepy care. The people who are all around them are always being annoying and how to p
#10999 I feel like I have a crush on this girl but I feel like the problem is that I should have to go back to the program and the problem is that I was a little bit of a long time community and a half of the position of the stress of the world would be with the state of the world and social media 
#1837 I want to go to MIT but I still have a crush on you. I wish I could just stay away from you. I don't think you will be the good things I do. I don't really know what to do.
#16895 I have a crush on my boyfriend but I don't know how to feel about him. I don't know what to do.
#11380 I don't get why the professor is the best way to get in to class so that I can cry at the end of the semester. I can't be able to leave the content on my life and consider myself and my friends are all fucking awesome. I just want to be a little bit better and also anyone else have the respo
--------
Temperature:0.28
#19599 I was a freshman and probably the most attractive girl at MIT was in the same class. I was like my boyfriend and I was always so happy that I was a freshman. I was walking around and then I remembered that I was so fucking soooooooooo dude. I feel like I could have a bad time and start to te
#13583 I really want to get to know how to pass the summer and have to go out of the semester and then I don't want to talk to anyone about it but it's a little bit bad and then I just want to talk to anyone anymore.
#13011 I was a freshman and I always want to say that I would be a lot more comfortable and then I just want to go back to the second sins because I don't want to be an attractive person and won't be able to let myself to be friendly with and then they can't even make me feel like a bit of an arrog
#13189 I want to say that I can get a brass rat and start to confess that I want to go to class and the problem is that the people in my life is a bit offended and they are all fucking more and more confused and interesting than they do. I don't want to think about it because I want to be able to h
#1798 I don't know why I want to be a good friend who is a good person. I want to be able to get a job that I can just see them again. I don't want to be a little bit of a negative and a little bit of a lot of the time and I don't want to be a little awkward and that I can be a little bit better th
--------
Temperature:0.29
#1877 I really like to pay my mom and have to be a big partner that I should be able to get an A in the streets and the world is the most disappointing people I've ever met. I was so sad and then I started to feel like I was a shit so far. I can be a little bit better and alone. I don't want to be 
#18762 There is a lot of people who work their butthole and the worst part is that they are all fucking so cool and should be a straight up programmer. It's a straight up computer science and the girl who is a secret and the worst part of the world to be reminded that the more I think about it is t
#15919 I don't get why people think I'm a senior and I feel like I'm so into the programming confessions and there are a lot of the time I can talk to about it and then I think I'm a guy.
#1855 I have a serious chance of seeing a straight partner at MIT. I just want to be a community and a basic chick and where are people at the top of their control and the only thing that makes me feel like they are so communistic and also have a pretty much everyone else who is still a bit of a sm
#17022 I was a freshman and I was so socially awkward because I haven't been feeling anymore. I don't know why I was a freshman and I was sexually assaulted by the people on my phone and then I saw the door to a pset but I don't know what to do anymore
--------
Temperature:0.3
#11917 I always see a person who are so cute and hard and I don't know why I'm going to cuddle with my boyfriend. I wish I could talk to anyone about her and I don't know what to do.
#15517 I don't understand why people complain about the confessions about me. I think they are the only people who have been around me and they seem to be the ones that I would never have to do things and that I have no idea what to do.
#1987 I wish I was a really good friend and I was super excited about my parents who were both there for me. I was a freshman and I was reading this for a while. I thought it would be a lot better, but I don't know why I can control the content on my personality and the person who could be there fo
#18736 I feel like I have a hot confession about my roommate and I don't know why I'm just wondering what the hell was a bitch. I can only see her at the end of the semester and then I was so sore of the weekend and I was so sad and shocked about my boyfriend and I was also a senior and I was away 
#1598 I have a serious confession about my friends and I have to go to MIT but I also feel like I'm a student at MIT. I just want to be able to get a straight program and then I still have to do it all the time. I just want to be a lot of the things that I can be and over the list.
--------
Temperature:0.31
#18175 I want to be a good friend who works a little bit but I can't be able to reach out and have to deal with them and see him all the time. I just want to be a senior and I'm so glad that this is a big problem. I don't think the class is super confused by the amount of time and then I can tell m
#1300 I want to be a lot of people that I want to cuddle with on my floor and then I'm too scared of this semester.
#18496 I just want to let you guys come to my fraternity because you don't have to take a break from the stud with a state choice of someone else. I want to share your dorm and start to tell you that I was a secret and interesting person to take me to you. I was so sad and then I was hooking up wit
#1755 I am a grad student and I don't know how to feel about my friends and I want to be an asshole and then I see them all alone.
#1148 I want to be a course 6 girl who is still so pretty cute. I think it's a shame that he was a bit like the way he was so smaller than me and then I was too busy and then the only thing they were alone. She was so grateful for me that I was a bit currently attractive.
--------
Temperature:0.32
#15428 I am a freshman and I just want to cut off the second floor of my life but I don't want to get the things to do.
#1280 I have a crush on this girl who is so small and I still haven't seen anyone else anymore. I don't know what to do.
#1999 I want to go to MIT but I'm too afraid to say that I have to be the best thing that I don't want to do with my friends and have a crush on me. I don't know what to do anymore.
#1893 I think I'm going to get a few days ago when I see a confession about the student center and I feel like I'm a sophomore and I don't understand. I don't know what to do.
#1983 I feel like a lot of people at MIT seem to be a bit completely unconvenient and I just want to take a dream that I can see if I want to go back to the program or something.
--------
Temperature:0.33
#1586 I have a crush on my boyfriend but he's so scared of my sorority and a big photo of my dorm and how to complete him or something like that. I am confused and the people I know who I thought was the case. I was having a boyfriend and I couldn't have been to the course of any other classes that
#19771 I don't know why we should be able to do the same major and the teachion start to the situation. The problem is that I would have made an experience with a self-defense about the same and that the most important decision to seek help. I don't think I would be a little bit better at them and 
#12358 I want to go to MIT but I feel like the guy who has been the same from his life. I can't help but feel that way. I don't know what to do.
#1997 I want to start the final project because I'm a social presence. I am considering all the interesting confessions and I want to get out of the semester and the time I come to the conversation with a lot of the things I want to do. I just want to be able to feel like I don't have any of the ti
#1770 I have a crush on you, but I don't know what to do. I'm so glad you don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.34
#1315 I just want to get out of bed before I graduate. I think I could get over my mind and I have no idea what to do.
#1945 I want to get to know someone who is bad at me but I'm a freshman and also the only people in the class is the most amazing person and I don't know why I'm always so scared of their best friends. I just want to be able to socially ask her out and I want to say that I don't want to be anywhere
#21864 Don't stop this semester of a confession about how the fuck you think is that the student center is the most attractive girl on the confession about the content of the confession about the people who don't think they were in their partner (because of the people who can come to the same perso
#19920 I have a crush on someone who is still a freshman and I want to go to class to get out of the long term semester and they are always there for me. I don't know what to do.
#8528 I have a few people in my life and I think I'm a little annoying and the only person I've ever met are always being there for me. It makes me sad that I have no idea what to do. I just want to be able to get to know her better but I also don't know what to do about it but I feel like I have a
--------
Temperature:0.35
#11890 I want to say that I want to be a straight guy on campus. I just want to be a little bit of a bit of a shade and start to work on the content on the party and the frats are so pretty but the more I start to convert you away and the same person in the world is the only thing that I want to do
#14381 I want to be a little horny and hard at the same time. I don't know what to do.
#17180 I want to go to MIT but I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to say that the problem was a thing I don't want. I don't think I would be better than anyone. I can't be able to talk to anyone about the people at MIT. I feel like I don't want to be a doctor, but I don't know why I truly
#1709 I just want to get some sort of girlfriend and then I just want to be in some way to convince myself to people and they make me feel anything else and the only people I've ever met is that I always feel the same way about my assessare and cared. But I feel like I'm just made an account. I don
#2014 I'm a social presence, and I have been trying to get the guy on my floor but I've been trying to get to know her better. I just want to be able to hang out with my boyfriend but I feel like I need to go out of the decision based on what to do. I'm going to be able to ask her out but I don't k
--------
Temperature:0.36
#11597 I want to get out of it before I graduate. I think I should get to get the point where I thought I would be doing it. I wonder what to do and it's not that I don't think I could be able to read the world and the fact that I can make my face and have to share this place. I feel like I can be 
#19856 I want to stop thinking about the general material but I think I might be a bit deal with them for some reason to convince myself to the person who is also true about me. I feel like I can always be the one to say that I don't have anyone that would be a bit crazy. I just want to be my dream
#1165 I want to be a course 6 but I still have a crush on him and I don't know what to do.
#17891 I'm a senior in my life and I always feel like I'm someone who would just stop me from this shit. I just want to say that I should be able to get to know my best friends when I am doing what I want to do.
#17717 I want to make a confession about the semester and I would be a straight fire alarm when I think about how much they did the same final project and they were alone. I was too shy to convert my teeth at the top of the process of my life. I don't know why I want to be a study break. I just wan
--------
Temperature:0.37
#20301 I wonder how much I thought the student group of people say they are in the class and they are always put together and they are actually a decent prefrosh. It's not that I don't want to be a little bit of a little white man who won't live in the world. I have a lot of the confidence words an
#15715 I have a crush on my boyfriend but I really want to go to a single pset. I just want to go to the bathroom and then there are all the greatest people that I know at MIT are to me because I can say that they are always feeling anything to me. I feel like I can be anywhere else but I feel like
#11521 I was worried about the people I would be able to get my pants and receive an email and then a fucking result of the little brain. I don't know what to do.
#1488 I feel like I'm doing well enough to get an A and it's still hard for me to be the only one for the past few years and I've been taking a shot and the answer in the shower and the more I was at the top of the stud and the stress of my life in my relationship. I don't know what to do.
#10636 I want to be a whole day that I can see the problem in the future where I can contribute to the emission of the number of people I would have in the first place.
--------
Temperature:0.38
#1998 I am a course 6 senior and I want to go to MIT but I can't stop thinking about the girls who are going to consider me because I don't want to have a bad time. I don't know how to do this but I just want to go back to work and start to feel like a lot of the time because I should have to get t
#10101 I wonder if you are in a frat party and you won't be able to stop seeing the stress of your boyfriend and then you can say that you would stop being a little bit better than you are. I would be a social person and don't know why. I hope you think I won't be able to help you and your friend o
#1065 I was a big pretty serious shit. I was absolutely bad at my time and don't know what to do.
#1384 I can't stop thinking about the confessions about the professor and I want to be able to say that the people in my life is because I was there and then reading the person who would be able to take the class and I'm afraid to see if the frats are always paying for me to get out of my life. I'v
#13805 When you think you should be at the top of the confession about commencement speaker because you can see the people who think you can get them attention and their friends and their friends and people are not alone. It's a bit like they don't want me to punch any of them and they're just a di
--------
Temperature:0.39
#17391 I wish I could be a lot of people to talk to me about the semester because they are too busy friends with them and they won't be able to leave me or something for me.
#16985 I honestly can't be the only one back home but I also can't stop thinking about it and I just want to curl up my heart because I know it's a bit like my asshole. I just want to say that I'm alone when I feel like I'm being an interesting sex boi (which I don't), and I don't know what to do. 
#12893 I'm a senior who will be the nicest person who is the greatest guy and I don't want to get a good date because I don't think the confessions are about the new group of people and the class should be able to get a job that is the only one that they are in their problems and it's their problem
#21621 I was as a sophomore and I think I have a crush on this girl who lives in a while ago, and I do not want to be able to get more at all. I just want to be able to do that anymore. I don't want to be a bit with my friends but I also think I'm a pretty common and having a lot of time to leave m
#19258 I am so glad I was going to throw a boy when I was too afraid to convert my pants and the stress and something I wanted in my life would be a bit lonely and make me feel like a little bit of here and I'm afraid to say that I'm here for a while, and I don't know what to do. I don't want to do
--------
Temperature:0.4
#11995 i know that all the people in course 6 community could post and have a lot of people in the first place. i can tell them they think i can get that guy because i have a shit to watch and see if i dont have to make any sense on here and i'm so scared of the start of the semester and i have to 
#11171 I'm a freshman and a lot of people that I've ever met are so excited about the statement that I've been confused at this point. I've heard of my life and social media and intelligent statements and way too much. I think I would be the one who has been a bit better than me. I can get an A in 
#15598 You know who you are when you were single and enjoying the same time and a self-degree class where you never have any consistent life and the state of something so considered to be an actual feeling of the problem in the world. I don't want to be able to put any shame on my progression and t
#14530 Don't get me wrong and see a single course 6 class that isn't working. I just want to get to know my body and start to take a pset. I just want to see the people alone and can't stop thinking about how it is. I don't want to start confessing about it. I want to be the best in my life because
#13019 I'm a freshman and I just want to get a good grad student who wants to see if they are on the same day :)
--------
Temperature:0.41
#11795 I wish I were too busy to confirm my boyfriend because I probably haven't been here. I'm a senior who won't care about my problem and have to be a decent problem. I have never felt so isolated and I feel like I have a problem where I'm also an interesting person. It's so fucking tall and sad
#18813 I want to say that I'm a freshman and I wish I were alone for the most part of my classes and I have no idea what to do anymore. I just want to say that I don't know what to do. I just want to be there for my friends but I feel like I'm just an asshole and a lot of them when I think about it
#2175 When I was so thankful I was going to be with my friend and I would have been really really stressed over so many times and I haven't seen anyone who has been thinking about me. I think it would be much more than once a week or buy a break from the comments on my phone. I don't know why I won
#10505 I feel like such a big confession about my prefrosh and they just made me smile. I can see them around me and they always seem to be my friend and I can just see a lot of people that I think about is that they just try to convince me to the point where I feel like they were uncomfortable and
#21868 I want to get out of bed for a long time because it's a tough time to be the female problem. I hope that the only thing that makes me sad about it, but there is a lot of the time to get to know my grades because I want to confess that I am too awkward to ask my friends about me and they feel
--------
Temperature:0.42
#17807 I just want a girl who lives in the stud and the the water is the best thing to do. I know that there are so many people who are sick or another and in the middle of the world, but they don't have the right to say that they are always being an optimal in the middle of the same person. They a
#13386 I was a bird on my backpack and a brass rat and I have a crush on him but he won't let me be her friends. I just want her to say he's the most amazing person in my life. I don't know what to do.
#1981 I'm a senior who is so good at the poor party and the guy who can completely contact me to watch them in the streets and beat the situations and then they can't even get them to make them more and then they can still be an exclusive responsibility for people to see in their own control. I fee
#1331 My boyfriend and I was surrounded by someone and I don't know why I want to see him to be friendly. I don't know what to do.
#931 I was a freshman and was moving on for a while and I was really scared to talk to anyone about and put my hours with a guy that I had a threesome or something. I was all for the months of my life. I don't know what to do anymore.
--------
Temperature:0.43
#17305 I'm a girl and I'm pretty sure that when I go to MIT I'm just being able to reach out to the girl who is a senior and I always thought I would be able to talk to her. I put my door and someone who was there for me and it was the first one before it was my partner and then I was a bit day. Bu
#10616 When I got a girlfriend and I was so scared of the new league for the past few years. I can't tell if I'm going to have a really good experience about being in a relationship but I feel like I have no idea what to do.
#1782 I have a serious consent about the Delay bubble because I wanted to be thinking that they can be the scream of my body and the best state in the same country in the same situation (or whatever the fuck it was the courage to do what we are doing wrong and the constitutional consideration still
#1803 I should have to make any straight up confessions in the long run. The only reason I know is that I still have to take a shower because the people I'm still looking at me is the only thing that are comfortable as a girl as a senior. I'm a good person who is a big part of my life and I feel li
#9958 I just want to talk to a guy who won't help me out and be able to do the same things I don't know with my life who were borderlined and then they don't even know what they do and don't think I can take anything at all.
--------
Temperature:0.44
#18775 I have a crush on someone and I want to talk to anyone about her. I feel like I'm actually actually doing anything, and I don't know how to feel about this but I know that I can't really tell them my teaching to a professor for them. I don't want anyone to go to their study break and stay in
#1070 I have a single clue why is a sophomore in my class who is still my profit for anything else?
#11220 I'm a senior who has a recently grad student and contribute to the actual contribute to the answer on the confessions page because it would be a lot of the statements to the answer. That bottle is done.
#4214 I have a feeling like my parents would be a lot more optionary and I don't think I'm getting through this week. I guess I've seen in my life later that I can't tell if they're not a problem. I don't want to go to MIT and won't be able to come to them and feel bad about myself. I just want to 
#19211 Shoutout to the prefrosh and the MIT Confessions page in the MIT Confessions is all about what you are doing and it's all about the world.
--------
Temperature:0.45
#11579 Anyone want to track a sex community somewhere on campus?
#20141 There is a crush on me that my friend and I was so sad. I don't know what to do. I just want a girl who has come to pay for me to meet up with me and I have to wait to get to know her better. I just want to be an outeator to start a deadline and the startum was pretty cool and I don't know w
#21282 Don't come to MIT to start the dick of the bathroom in the stud and a break for the past year. Not sure what you want to do anymore and you're a doctor, but you aren't a good friend. And you are also a bit a bunch of statements. Then you think "what are you all statement"?
#1059 I wish I could say that my boyfriend is a good person and I don't know why I'm a female between my boyfriend.
#10265 I get that MIT is a pretty confession about the legal deal on campus. I have a couple of hand sex with her and a half as much as the ones I can try to invite him. I was a little happier and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.46
#11771 I'm a freshman and I just still have a lot more nice ways to see them to keep up with but I just want her to go to lecture and still can't be my busy and want to sit down and do not know what to do anymore
#17435 I'm a freshman and a lot of people are always getting into MIT and a lot of them thanks to me.
#1018 I'm a senior and I want to thank my friends that I need to get through my time at MIT. I just want to be a good person and I feel like I'm the only one for the time. I know it's pretty fucking awesome. I know that this is not enough.
#17550 The social media committee makes me want to work on my girlfriend. Because I don't want to tell my parents to think about it. But then I see them on the school down the infinite and stuff in the morning my degree is the worst construction that I knew about MIT and in the US are huge to anyon
#19437 I was a freshman on the back of my pants and ended up watching and have sex in the stud around the bathroom. It makes me sad for a while. These students come from a beat they are all around them. I'm so tired of their peers at MIT, and the people in my life is to get me to get an internship 
--------
Temperature:0.47
#20577 I have a crush on Black Bitchea, but I'm a socially awkward interaction and I want to think about how he is a representation of the crust of my life. I admire him because of her as a result of her, but I feel it's even really a little bit better than anyone anymore. I can't help but feel so 
#15223 I am so happy that I could be a little bit sexual assaulted by a conversation with my ancestard factor and cried in my mouth. I don't know what to do. I just want to be away anyway. I'm going to talk to a friend and would be better than anyone who could be and on about the same partner. I'm 
#13904 I want to get out of bed before I say that the state of the people in my dorm room are made by the most important problem sets with me and when I read people and they can't even take me out of my life because they're all metable or work with me. I'm so alone and I'm going to get around but I
#1151 I don't get intented at MIT. Why do people have no idea what to do?
#10479 I was so scared of someone who was in the class. I was so tired of the position of my life, but I still have to say that all of the students are more sad than me. I just want to take a shot of psets and stress eating in the entire semester. I think the world is a lot of people who have to go
--------
Temperature:0.48
#15881 I just want to cuddle and try to talk to because I feel like I don't want to be a community and have at least honestly so destroyed by the same person that I know is that I should have been there. I have no idea how to flirt with this girl anymore. I'm so fucking sad. I have to go to the bat
#21057 I want to have a pants on my floor because I want to try to stay in the future and the fact that I'm so scared of the rest of the moment. I have no idea if the problem is that I just want to go back to be a straight picture of my parents.
#16495 I can tell my professor or identity because I have an extra from the bottle of the community called a potential concert.
#14013 Where are the moments that have their own book decisions and popular opinions that are actually interested in an institutional state of their own profits. I feel like there are some sort of people who pass their entire lives and the diversity and that they were alone. I would have definitely
#10950 I have a crush on someone who put me out of the confession about the whole "considering math confession". I can be a whole moving there and a basic community and not so much better. I feel like I'm pretty much shallow for a few times and there are so many ways to be with them. All I want to 
--------
Temperature:0.49
#1673 I can't believe that the students come from the big bubble control who they should be putting them out of the corner of the concert is a diverse and the people they start and then take them start and then they can't even force them to find a new problem and their lives. Also the stress of a r
#6465 I don't understand how someone would have a lot of girlfriend and the fact that they were strange and falling for her at the same time. For a reason, very sad that you can see your girlfriend because they might have studying for you  that is a date and they can get them dance with them.
#4579 I hate it when people think I actually think I'm going to connect with my problems because I have no idea what to do.
#1191 I wish I had an uncomfortable program for the end of the semester and there are a lot of people in my classes and they are so happy that I want to talk to anyone.
#2529 I just want to say that I want to get the guy of the last social experiences and work out every night and I don't know why I was doing this time and the people on the president of the world. And then I realized that I valued my assistant community in my life and my self-esteem and accessible 
--------
Temperature:0.5
#20769 At the cute guy who went to the court standards at senior house and then I actually don't know what to do with my life
#11306 I wish I could have a midterm spam and a bit of breathing and have a girlfriend and I just want to say that I'm being there for years and it's a bad thing. I don't know what to do about it.
#1159 I'm a grad student and I still haven't gotten much better and I don't really know what a great program is.
#21425 Are there any programming confessions that only post on confessions (or at least one girl) comment on the board leave in the comments. I don't think they are always not doing anything anymore. I don't think they make me feel good about it. Because I just don't feel like I am and would be any
#17597 Why are there so many students who recent our classes like the professor just want to get some exception of the semester and they were more considerate of a concert being an asshole. If you're doing it wrong with the person around you, you are also the only thing you should have to say to th
--------
Temperature:0.51
#18519 I feel like a huge pretty much very different sex pressure of the comments because I want to convert my parents and stop being one of the biggest things I've met and worked done with them. I mean there are two more times when I work in the streets and later that the people here are really go
#18971 There was a confession on MIT Confessions and how much money are present and the housing prefrosh is the most unexpected by the world. I can be more crazy about my friends and the average student admiration that I always go into a program or whatever they say that they still are completely i
#19506 I just wanna say I have a crush on this guy but I just want to go to MIT but I'm so beautiful and I don't know how to approach anyone else when I don't really want them. I don't know what to do.
#18214 i am so sick of getting so cruelly because of the confession about the entire class i can contribute to the theme with anyone and at least only acquired in the hallway and then because they can't even put on their phone and wait to make them all have feelings for someone who is the most inte
#1569 I feel like I have a serious feeling where I'm going to get away with a girlfriend. I have to sleep with someone on the moment but I'm also too awkward to talk to anyone. It's been a loner but I hate that I'm not in a relationship with a bunch of people and work as if I did. I'm also the only
--------
Temperature:0.52
#18230 I've never been a little control but at MIT and I are going to connect to the distance rule but I'm pretty sure I'm being an advice of and prefer this place. And the therapist is to be the one anyway. I don't have to be more than anyone but I can't help but notice my own parents. But I feel 
#12780 Some people say the business is pretty common and it's a creep on the school and the girl who told me to change the world is the best song that was a small problem like that. Seriously, the men and the student center is a real position, and that it is really the first semester in your life. 
#1199 I'm a little a high school and I want to be a complete state school in my frat. I was so happy that I was a bit low and now I feel like I'm in a relationship. I was asking for her when I was too awkward to end them. I was so sad. I was completely fine and I was a freshman. I was sooooooooood 
#11172 I'm a girl and I know that I can prefer to start to convert the masses of how much I look for you. I would just want to be a lot better now.
#1779 I'm a grad student at MIT and the thing has been liked by the party but then I want to turn to it. I'm such a girl and I just want to go back to the next few weeks before I graduate. I don't want to be an accusation or a great program for the first time at MIT
--------
Temperature:0.53
#11773 I have a crush on this guy who was cute and I see a whole boy who will be so smaller than I get alone for my girlfriend.
#1559 I just want to take a shower for a while but I can't be to my friend group or they can just say that I'm going to get a pretty shit grade in order to get in and now I'm gonna get a good GPA. I feel like I'm too scared to stop my life and start to talk to my friend about it because of the stat
#1971 I have been feeling the same and even though I come here and I'm too shy to ask here out. I honestly think it's good to get a job that I've just wanted to be another guy before and I feel like I'm doing better. I also feel like the things I would want to do.
#17148 I had truly seen a confession about the sellouts of the first semester, but I realized that this is a little bit about the slaves of the grad student activities (and the rest of the people are only a couple of the students that are actually intelligent and communication.) I feel like the con
#1050 I should have a boyfriend before and get to know her better.
--------
Temperature:0.54
#1854 How do you message your class if you don't want to go through something else?
#7333 I wonder why there are all some memories on campus (but there are many students of the world community and an organized person)
#1378 I would like to say that the people here who have no child and the world are better than almost all of them. The problem is that you're all fairly unreliable to me. I guess I'll possible research and interact with you. And I'm sorry that you're the slight community of an expense to the person
#7183 I'm a grad student so much that I can just go to MIT and the conversation is to confuse my mental health at MIT. When I came to my midterm, I felt really excited by the fear that there was no word. So I realized that I had no idea what to do and want to say to someone who was straight and I d
#1694 I want to pass MIT and start with a guy that I don't know what to do. I only take a break for the first semester and I don't know what to do.
--------
Temperature:0.55
#11837 I love you so much! *dude fuck you for all your own content*
#15991 @12130 I believe that the same thing is more likely to consider male and put on all the little boys on how to hand their parents for submitted (assertion to the admission by contaming the future of the most ambitious portion of the consequences of their magnifies as a thing. But not everyone
#15144 I want to stop probably the people that I've done to the professor who works because I haven't been receiving experiences in my life. I've been trying to finish my head before I get a partner growing my body. I still feel like I love them and the only people that I actually do is the bathroo
#12309 I sitched the conflict when I was always so grateful for the pset but I can't tell if they're crying and I just want to go home and don't have most of the time and the professor is to do that without the free printer. I'm a senior, and I've been home for a while back. It's a good curse, and 
#18369 As a course 6 sophomore at Simmons who just wanted to stop four times a week or something, but is it too late now to stop being an asshole for something like this? I'm since then it's a piece of shit. I don't think that at the end of the day I can just make it through a lot of work that I do
--------
Temperature:0.56
#979 Sometimes I want to have motions to hungout the people on the situation, but I have to ask out that I can handle my degree and clubs and shame to myself and will find any clubs or is it unfair to my dorm and like this?
#1622 All I want is a girl who's gonna get sucking banning it in the logorous birth contact with the girl who lives in the streets and is the first thing that won't want to do with someone who knows what people are doing with them. The more they part of their race. I just want to get them attention
#11108 I have a long time to feel like I'm stressed and always made my mom deserve to know that someone would be better. It's hard for me to get anything done. I'm so tired of the people in my life. I can put them on the topic before in the world and sometimes in a long term week. I feel like I've 
#12709 I'm so anonymous and the best part of my time here. I still have a really good feeling where I have a subtle battle on my preferences, and I wish I had changed a day before, and I still haven't stopped. And then I can't be crazy and say I'm just trying to have a month new movement that I fee
#17011 Do the US people on the bunch of expenses as a relationship for the table in his class in the house activities and they are procrastinating during particular and all the work experiences for it than a million dude with the one person in the sudden track to the price of the name of social med
--------
Temperature:0.57
#1740 I'm worried about being awesome, but the resource is to see if the people in the comments are also on campus (or maybe they are an income response for themselves). The comments are stupid and that they are so much hard to get into MIT to come to class. I also can't decide if they are all trul
#12280 I have a stream of my life for the first time before I go to MIT. What do I do?
#2850 Pretty sure I still get my pants when I wonder where the grad student is.
#1489 I only want to ask someone and I hope that they can't find anyone to have the name on the confession. They then pretend it's always been an app that we can contribute to the events because they are literally a pretty much both worldwide and it might be important to socialize enough for themse
#17013 Shoutout to the girl who made my day when I meet someone and we could make them wait to make me see you again
--------
Temperature:0.58
#15858 i want someone to shut up on the men that have to gonna be able to get back from high school and want my parents to get into a class where I always put my own pants and post them to contact me.
#19933 Someone who has a chill guy friend who was super busy being awkward and always there in the class who were the good thing at the corner and then some of the food shirts would be in painful time to pull off right back on the wealthy to be on the same time. The biggest sex pretty much let me c
#14318 I just want a girl who is still middle friends with someone else. They should just stay in the same place.
#7003 I think I might be better after graduation with my classes and what my brain is. All I could that was walking for and since I was in the break and the desk would be so good for her. And I didn't find her. I didn't know what's going on for a semester, but I still haven't seen something straigh
#5373 Anyone else think that starting the food is that we should just procrastinate by the new tain with a purple corridor of the storm. They're all amazing and shameful to some extent in the same country. I still can see what they want. So I think I'm a tall life, and I feel so sorry, but I'm scar
--------
Temperature:0.59
#21145 I am so angry that the author of the state of God is better. I think it's so hard to be in a place where you want to be with someone and it's just a relationship to do the things and interestfully start writing and their actions and their communities and people with nothing our background so
#14318 Thanks for the same person who was cute and have the time to watch Delt
The best part of the day and been a loner that was the biggest generation of the good one where the void of a strap and brain the grades are too seriously. I am too afraid of my family with a couple words. I am definite
#3199 I just want to chill. Why do I become a secretly most likely altogether on the same time? If I told my parents would feel the same way, I'm deciding myself to let myself in the bathroom and everyone else is into me because I might as well actually go on any of the research or represent them a
#5631 Don't talk to you a lot of confessions about how you are the most pretty concert and the social scene is the same as me.

I'd be the one to talk to them because of the self-esteem. I feel conflicted (almost this horrible person needs to be the pattern." But they're all alone. Because they a
#3409 I feel like I didn't think about myself because I don't think anyone was right about the stretches of posters I've been together and that leaves my life and my professor is so now stuck their spiritual needs if they are in some way or anyone else. I honestly just want to start conversations w
--------
Temperature:0.6
#10774 I was so socially awkward to be a little stressed out because I feel like a mental health problem set. All I want is to do this semester and don't know what to do about anything, it's been a year and I'm pretty sure I'm going to cry on them and hooking up with her. Sometimes I'm at least mov
#12143 I know the comments are so much better but it's a student to go back to the student center. Programmer is a student boi
#1817 I should say that I'm a bidet place where the current game may be so hot. She is a male fund and I feel like I refuse to talk to her anymore, but not in the seat or even having a difference. Why? I don't know what to do.
#3797 I wish I could tell you that you won't have yet to meet you. I wish I could make up for them and all you think about me is done wrong. I just want to have more people to do something but I don't feel like you are always being awkward and you shouldn't be there for me, and that I feel like I'm
#20155 How do the prefrosh for the weekend to explain my major at MIT? I know I don't think I'm getting in with a confession about being a stranger that I would have gone to make friends and communication anymore. I feel like I'm being actually less genuine and angry about myself.
--------
Temperature:0.61
#1285 I know there are a lot of people that have the right to say that they are so chill, and I just want to go single.
#1310 Is there a clubs that are like the most good guys who are getting track of crying and brow some backwards?
#1392 I wish I could be too stressed and showered in my department to go with dread of one of the registers on campus that I knew I was riding them and they said one of the fact that they are super close or people who are doing a lot of intelligence but I can't even be able to keep doing what I wan
#3221 Do people not have the time to sleep on the gym the semester and start a statement to make a bit happier just because I'm still scared to think about it and that I'm not good enough. I think I can do not be the one anymore in my life. Because I want to be able to talk to anyone because the ma
#7555 Someone please stop for the first time and then the tall asshole with the social media should charity and one day we still have to be a big progressive ability to move the same place. You are all against the boycott and the only thing you can do is come to MIT and the most beautiful life. You
--------
Temperature:0.62
#15892 I'm a freshman and I haven't gotten non-people in the butthole. I just think I've offended the self worth in my life, while I've done something over and over again. I don't want to go to the best or something that topics me and thinks I won't even wait for them to call me up on a basketh or 
#16190 Could be a little nice to everyone and feel really bad because they have a bit to get a bad day at the same time
#22695 I miss my friend. I just want to go to MIT.
#18197 Shoutout to the prefrosh and one of the money I know the bathrooms are the most intentional substitute to consult the same in the matter of a sexual enture of it and even when it comes to the course of all the time stresses and political differences and control are more open. I can always ge
#1499 I'm a drama thanks to the girl who wants to say that I need someone to know whether or not. I don't want to consider stopping in the afternoon and not even attending them. I don't want to be all my friends because I haven't been able to hear it as a course 6 incoming exam when I got them alon
--------
Temperature:0.63
#10830 There is a public club and the consent state in the student center and a self-worth for being too if it's understanding better than all my life over a few years. I don't even know how to deal with the emails or another as a result of the course.
#15590 i want to get wind alone but i feel like it seems like i love the person on the author. i'm definitely close to reading the institute where i haven't gotten into studying and short of being at the time and not because you can catch up on the creepy confessions as a mistake.

And the guys t
#20806 I'm confused about the lack of a sex but it's a broken person and there is a new individual and that I realize that this is something that can do, and it feels like I can't convince myself to enjoy the people alone.
#9924 Sometimes I just want to get drunk with the emails and see my friends and have to make my face since they took it until I got to make it to another movie
#13692 I've been having a relationship with my friends because of love and good luck when I look for a warm partner.
--------
Temperature:0.64
#20592 Does anyone here in the stud 15 strange dude who is selfish?
#998 Hey bitch walk everything that keeps the good partner in the stud for the first time in the morning of the entire class in class. The class they always wanted to pay for the same situations to provide new freshmen and pretend to consider their friends. It's too late to get some shit outside of
#11809 I had a dream that I was so disappointed at my term and she had never worked in a few days in the stall, but last night I meant it would be fair to anyone. And then I'm so confused. I have been going to see a girl who blows me more than a year ago and I know that it has been good for work. I
#15932 Handjo West Cars was the same girl at Next Joss and I got a lot like being at this school in the shade on the shit drinking and was doing kicked by my soul.
#10615 I'm a senior and I have a crush on this guy but he's a genie startup and he's so damn cute!
--------
Temperature:0.65
#6276 I love how much my boyfriend starts and I always get an asshole who put me out of my skin more than they are sitting on in freedom and I get to know her but I'm scared if I just want to convince myself to look back to someone who is just resonated for me and like the material I've ever met an
#22893 Pretty sure the whole Virginia should combe me in the Senior House bathroom
#17883 There's a girl who has gone to MIT, and when I read this guy, I'm only too choose to be a good friend or being accused of the sexual content or a thought of human rights and I can't be the dominant example. I can just be missing out. But now that I can imagine both faculty and being told the
#5074 I've been in love with someone and it makes me sad when I got to know him in the same lab and I can never know where I can get out of here for any of the time. It's got my boyfriend so I can pretend to get that ass confessions that I live in Baker because I want to be able to know because I k
#5961 I feel like my teacher isn't so much better, but I feel like I won't be able to do it. I've never felt lonely more than anything. It's so bad that I'm going to feel like I don't really believe that anyone else wants to be free but I am like cheating on the project on this page. Nothing to do,
--------
Temperature:0.66
#5411 I realized that I have a crush on my boyfriend because I have a boyfriend but I have no idea what to do.
#18560 So that the light make sure the nicest people who work out on the bloody leave in Stata and other cute political profits in the Maseeh or MIT dining hall class. I hope they have more emotional power to be considered used to be struggling with a specific conversation and caring about politics
#21318 I am going to throw the people on campus where I was doing well, and they are so much more vocal, but I'd like to know how to approach women and be as sure as fuck and I'm just trying to stop alive.
#21660 I was a really horny control survivor and I was sad that I thought it was more cool and more than my parents a lot of them. Even if I could tell my sad bit from a problem for months or whatever, I have so many qualities and interest in the same frequently from the lack of work established as
#22138 Hey guys, comment when you're gonna get an A and get a dog sneaker so you have an ordinary classroom (except mit student) about the people who are seeing an extra opponents asshole and an angel, as it could be pushed and wanted to be able to break for my favorite and consider dead. Decent st
--------
Temperature:0.67
#17193 Prof. Edwers cherry stone and wow someone is also actually pretty much everyone are like this idea.
#17185 Why are the most mathematicians at MIT and the person that should have for inside my hands to be enough for them to enjoy the Stato (but could I justify you?). I'm sorry for the EECS movie and have a huge crush on the day when you're ever finding me thinking about you, so my life is for you 
#17502 Why are the second girl who dats where they start to actually contribute to all the students at MIT than they are on the punishment. Why the fuck do they call it reading students at the time?!? How can we really take classes and the TAs are still like they want to call them taxes and they re
#7333 I'm sorry I am definitely a freshman.

Asking for a friend. Anyone who pursuing me to write your brains out of your classes and is something to last something else?
#19529 FUCK can you complain to the girl who uses the new objection for protesting babes?
--------
Temperature:0.68
#8939 I feel bad for people who can get their toxic and the women and the more improves they are doing and they actually care about the same metaphor and the teen until we moved over a site background. The last couple of refrong would make a move, but something like that alarm that most people woul
#11696 The OP of my lab partner is a hot racist girl and a half alive recently. Are there any 2 years organized recommendations? I have restricted homophobic community and see if they just make them regardless.

I feel like shit. Thoughts?
#19691 I'm a course 2 and I've been asking my tan porn that I have no idea what to do or something. I don't know if I'm not a terrible person anymore, but I've been too, but I don't think the community between me as my friends as them. Sometimes they work my dates mental health by regret in my comm
#17376 There are two best ways to be loud about in a while. The worst part is that they were deeply much better when I was sitting in the group I'd finally forget to confess. I think I submitted a song and all of them are really angry/enough to come home. I have never met anyone who got a brother. 
#9535 I want a friend who has been treated at me, and my friends have come to the cord. Seriously everyone in their bloody groups are context because my homework doesn't have the confidence that I should put into a process of my long term boi to CPW but I can't seem to choose a way to cause the wom
--------
Temperature:0.69
#1171 I just want someone to get me straight up control. Why should I value of my code to be aware to him if a different and would is fine and woke-up waiting for me to five the sexy.
#3885 I would be a little more impature than the ExClustonian Services to the people around me. So I can appreciate her to say "just can't be in acceptance" because of the same guy silem too badasses
#21495 Tbh the most adorable course 6 has become a little bit of a short self semester. Not only do grad students later to sign up for other options only and the 2018 years approached a course 9 to watch them to have photos on Stanford and comment on what to do about the organic train. This doesn't
#10394 You know what a friend won't bring me to talk to you as an argument where I'm going to have a different community confessions.
#13522 I had the best friend here, and i still think about some of the most embarrassing things that should be better than those people and condoms. They told me that I really needed to find out what to make it and I have to get my first week and that I've talked to and not only to leave my dorm ro
--------
Temperature:0.7
#16903 So what is the hell considered while pretty much I have to say that it might actually be a really nice place or something (like what the material is). I'm a straight face and she tries to help with me as a ton of confessions. I'm a senior, and I want to be an adult, but when I feel like I'm 
#13185 things I loved are about caring about my friends and it is a fantasy and then why they think it's been difficult and honestly I need help. There are decisions worse than me.
#14530 Why are there any ways to have embarrassing subjects movies for the last few years? Does that mean that you can post a second time and the 'the milk he brings him a sex editorious concert??? Do you think you're just the most intelligent and most intellectually set to me don't find your thing
#18874 there should be an option for posting stratters because the dating dorm keeps getting better.
#19689 Don't show up to a friend to the community getting posting a lot of days
--------
Temperature:0.71
#15702 Suck all the walls from MIT and seeing the machinal connections on the MIT face but good alone. I think I'm pretty cute
#11653 I've had sex with a guy Burton Crush in my frat. I wish I could find.
#5393 My friend opened me so hard that I made an exam when I saw him was so beautiful. I thought his dick was the case of my day and yet the anime was going to be like this.

I sat the boy in my phone walking down the shower at a midnight pants, just looking forward to K+.
#18874 At this page starting pretty curious when none of the women are too old. i missed them and have no idea why there is so much more about what you really think. Maybe it's hard to find the people that provide in my life where they are a mess slide-interest in my major being frustrated, and I w
#4098 All the confession had a girlfriend who lives in the same day when being told to me and I couldn't stop doing what my life was there for me. And I just hope that I don't feel like I'm going to be here.
--------
Temperature:0.72
#12861 There are a lot of datics on campus. I wish there was a state club offer more than most classes besides in my previous hell to my friends.
#195

"I'm so confused.
Ask to the confession while shit on my face that you are trying to get angrily in the comments.
I can hear you when I asked you the minimum wage for the same amount of work. Sorry people would choose to be like and be free to come to MIT and confuse them instead. All the
#1895 I really really like my crush on someone and are just sticking off of the final project just to get to know her as they are being able to help me ask to what they want to do and, but they're still super here for me to deal with only one nightmare, and I don't know why I try to make friends fo
#21537 I don't go to MIT but why it's just 3.5 million dude who must consider anyone who doesn't care about what they want.
#1178 @1560 Ya you're supposed to be ], but then you will be in Boston days, but still have fun your own beaver.

You know what's happening to something or anyone worth the problem?

Going to an exception between me and the other eating movie of the hallway and I was kinda just a p-set of time 
--------
Temperature:0.73
#21095 Maseeh break, I love you
#15785 Just sophomore guy freshman year of 172 ward right before he readers: "She said "next year" music and has taken. I'm going to have my own information or some sort of that is the only pretty much good music from MIT.
#1360 Don't just be in your life bringing at least distractions and waiting for your time to get through the social department to all of you and/or important to anyone. I'd recommend every day I could be there for myself and considering that I'm just fucking kind of suicidal. I have to leave the ha
#1386 @1099 The moment when it left to stop all the people in my heart. When I found a lot of MIT professors would change in the facebook, my depression, when deeply tone of the way her supporters are on test scores to the ank and make sure they can offer a recent shit
#14498 I have tired of having sex in front of Knabo Signa Label, ABB is for anyone. Could have a discussion with the worst part of the country in the morning, hoe and pushing outside of the left previously interesting semester. I can only do it against the wing community to get to this school.
--------
Temperature:0.74
#7027 Tbh I just want to cuddle my pity on my stank room. I still think of a lot of my programs that I'll get to know her better because there are few news people who are in agreed transmitted problems. If you're sleeping with nothing better, you can't be a relationship. Because you should help you
#13027 Realistically why people are so amazing and just the wings of subtle comments when you behind the stress at the verdes of the class in the morning. Writing a little to take away a different movement shit, is that it's a lot of physical classes in English Hunger for break to snapped the produ
#10577 I've only been seeing about confessions about being a bi ejacual. I know this is a sad boi crush on me.
#17826 nothing has her good i thought i don't love her because i think i should find my nice reason or worryion when things are at the top
#15713 I'm single but then I saw a wall back home and I know he is always mostly as fucked in his girlfriend but it shows up and even the same way every time I have an ex-mother during my chest. I'm in the middle of my eyes, just the reality I would stop being treated. I've had the crush on him, an
--------
Temperature:0.75
#10823 Anyone share my dome for spring sex? Thank you so much that I feel a lot like you are so obviously a lot busy but it's like everyone wants to see your own things like me.
#470 I always interput on the privacy scooper career beyond and sit through all the students with fucking boys at them and we got their worst problems and have so many differences and regret his heart as like me until I read the ground and all of the other religions here, and I feel like I've got t
#5928 ladies do I need start to hear you need to take his room on this place and it's gonna be really aggravating to me so I push her to think of how to receive him like my mind. We are such a huge face. But there's no way I could help myself that I went to San 4. I went to Academic Nobody who brea
#11389 I have a crush on my boyfriend. It feels like a bra for blood stands with them! Instead I'm just staring at on hand in my communication, but when I set up, I'm not even sure how to graduate I'm having been - a lot of people telling me I'm happier and I'm afraid of the comment with all the BS
#1869 I know people are so fucking warm they "know" while I'm going to remind them my feelings because I don't think I'd be able to do anything help and the kind of focus on confessions related to the post about how much I could get over the end of the application test. I'm a bunch of weebs, becaus
--------
Temperature:0.76
#16979 How do you get your confessions about the final is an MIT article
#9138 Anyone else finally think it's confusing and he would actually be able to have sex with it???
#11881 I would just go back home to avoid a bunch of extracurriculars in a barely office hours because she kept in the US cleaned wait fine
#11864 I love you guys. Are you single?
#1616 Does anyone know if the strategies are some good? Like in the streets of a million content that all of us would even be with their friends and different versions or something. It just means I like to have a problem with my life, but will to get a dick required or percent on time? I know this 
--------
Temperature:0.77
#5893 i actually get invited to interpretation where we look the good look to filter these info over. And so I can stick with no respect, but don't feel bullshit or have a bad walking acting dog and stay in the look or death or another. I would ride with people and because i was there and something
#11065 I really just don't know why we can seem to be the worst open about it
#11520 My roommate sets on Briggs signature in Baker but it's so fire and I've so much close friends when I feel like I'm in a club remaining my father's frat brothers.

Part of me when I'm never going to have around I think they're not the same classes.

I feel that I should just continue. I a
#10567 Honestly I'm back to my 2.009 final at 6.009 but I actually got the worst fell through. I liked Exfort Next House behind that pass to a different computer working for the lawn. It just deeply died and we started in public children, no one would live in a world and will be used as well. He is
#959 I'm honestly socially awkward... if you knew who I am you, I just want to be alone.
--------
Temperature:0.78
#13757 So, why are there so many seniors teaching about studying a partner whereas in the 5 seconds when they get the pretend to come outside on their team kid. But honestly, it's a different definition of being coming on on the slide of open there. If you graduate only there but you're not too bea
#6417 Most of us guys don't pass here! Students are clearly sexy. I think I'm trying to get where on all the people who don't get in easy campus to imagine the reading school group over the summer.
#4739 I've been having a baker on tinder but I've been honestly so scared that I could find anyone at the same time. Yet then they're dating a few observations that I still feel lonely. I just want to be friends and request anything else
#17031 Why is there something about the person when the student group matches their friends?
#7562 Dildo.io is everything would be in my decide to not be friends, but that wasn't a better idea. I was very part of a minority notification and it's the way I could do. I can be as close to the good side because I don't have the confidence at parties and have had to replace it. Like come on, th
--------
Temperature:0.79
#8259 It's been suicidal when there are career bears and pronounce without their vagina family is the way a general premate in. if they can get predicted words, it just means the general villain is necessary for it bitches.
#16061 Just want to people that are completely close friends with as bad when the answer is taking so... is there something so that is a fundamental that this is someone always makes me feel better because of the lives on my teachion. I'm talking about people who can't handle it. It's a handy perso
#9209 I have a pretty sick about the elevators at a business comments and the major more booos is a brogher of Next House. People don't feel the narcissism or they're the same. He asks me to walk by a fucking tissue and see what they go wash. Stop bringing me away
#20515 College is deep--not an impentive. I really don't know what's going on. I'm not going to make any strangers and so that I would do it already.
#10500 There ever before my butthole blood around the void of the middle school.
--------
Temperature:0.8
#18797 To all the people you think this year is important and you're just not acting tripping. You even have to participate in the lab wrongs shi considering me. I'm also a girl, and I'm still pay by your life, just give me a low in the lows relax, someone doesn't know.
#18955 to the girl in 6.004 cuddly white guy in baker 1st floor: code, you mistake my rhal college. not just so this is the most isolating!
#19196 Anyone have just fucked be
1...  and the best bottles are sexy graduated
 are all beautiful and/or antusing is part of the pre-stong-and independence
#3883 You guys are the hottest male smaller bloody and you don't really get rid of a red lal and it's a dick and stop having proven to be a dry pit on this phone for the rest of the semester. Sure to lose it was a subscription of the greatest metalastic value. If someone does not tell them how it i
#15841 @16705 OP of #14776. Sexual assault is trashy but fear of great debate as a whole date by partner so that MIT confessions are destructive people because they can't live back to change. She pulls us signs on the rubbine and post lets illiter or body warms in life
--------
Temperature:0.81
#12039 There's something I can see in my life.
#3242 hi is it so unreasting to produce your cheat pickure out.
#8355 Seeing that hunger about Western Euphy Startup, etc. Can you please two weeks every morning? I literally got here data eating book and I broke my week. That doesn't mean it time to make box me - my entire life. Thank you so much that I can get straightforwed water but I still have the right d
#5620 During Springfest bashes multiple times is a great date.
#14782 To the girl in an UA who has to play withs work at least 5.12 gives me a schedule or something.
--------
Temperature:0.82
#7693 I feel like the same group posted about Trump because they are all straight, and always annoyed what exacers you are. Your path to test with your voice on campus. They are only in the middle of the exact sandwich in society and shamed out and the fires until dance. Fuck you all. I know it's s
#15372 I horned my straight heart in daily but I needed to watch LITERALLY CLILCE (speak everyday limits on me)
#10512 D'n's Stata are acting like you only have every coursework even in the infinite that situated it really struggling finding my professor. You aren't an excuse, kind of selfish personality and I began to pretend it's willing to these positive experiences within the most open boner who is for c
#15286 Dear MIT,

I know you're a shitty living group who is here, but some of you following the entire rate is a fine and except going to MIT because the third time you can see if we can just make us feel unfreshmany prep to him so his handwriting has a cure.
#1580 So I was a course 6 Simmons who was spamming date movies. I leave and asked my ending walls back off to her. Even if I went to that one scared, I was having a pset since my boyfriend was just asking me how to ask her ""h, "your momza" cheeses are opening, "Hi kinda pats boot if you are a book
--------
Temperature:0.83
#18338 A few days go to Pset buddies, why? Why is there some clubs comment on the elevator for majors? Asking for a friend
#17873 I've been treating the light calls out the snowen of frats because the college before I'm destination about my life. I'm a part of it, or maybe man, but just in a kid hours whereas we take the conversation and can barely add anything and condom at least better. Don't be able to cuddle with h
#1151 I'm a little winter, whoever it's the biggest bagel of act or comesing a stream, or when we get into a couple of days. And is the time to assist the conflict between living groups? (When tests are soooooo shy like they're fine them" don't like to see them away anymore.
#12181 about your favorite girl in my Entlebelacehold card but never will one good pset.
#21786 It has to make friends. The number of people who aren't worried about computer workers because they would clearly move in the center to their own features. And I would never be booked from the snow and less than 5 other people at kind. I think I noticed that I can prefer when I decided (in a
--------
Temperature:0.84
#5859 What do you care to make me sad when you will do your relationship for the problem when people talk?
#14549 I find this likely fell in love with this hole at the break. Deep down type of fucking spoon
#13418 Why do all of MIT to catch for prof host and those who are social content and drain the Charles? what the hell is this??
#19071 Please say a partner. At least I lost my little person since I was moving on and dated a fucking book something along.
#14985 As a senior, I seriously hold my dram out when I leave three months ago in the first semester and have someone for that meant cause the things I've made is doing is not accounting for me! I feel so dart about my advisor comes to a double preference between my lack off for a few days and anxi
--------
Temperature:0.85
#19641 Where can I be friendly then it was the most amazing clothes frat boys applicated so at MIT?
#13954 my ""yeah Facebook" to stop having MIT looking for a few things they don't know...
#5570 As a guy I've ever seen have decream seaked from being an excharactor with a regular basis.
#1819 just google and sympathize right? thank you for your favorite political plastic ideals for the manners you are pretty wellesley!
#6419 I just wanna do something like when I came in my MIT school drinking and asking out a relatively point of the problem 
--------
Temperature:0.86
#19191 I'm in love with my best friend. The dorm room
#1386 I think I'm into the poll outside the same state of lesbian background, so I'm pretty fucking an alum. I've never met this schedule more difference. Even if anyone actually has already pissed me off, and I feel like my perspective parents wanted moral statements and making the exactly some co
#2298 The MIT incest of thousanding of China is an universally disavaguity and awareness of human racists they these exact would understand that some intelligence could make superficial power organizations. For example, it is never being acroded as long as you are in an hallway to another as commun
#3818 Events if the guy in Course 2 starts missing CPW is that desigorner.
#1986 I thought Arth I was fine this semester. I was also put on the Big Crenishatis plates explaining the pundod in Stata. The allergic ones are ready to hard or proud T and their long term global entire state and now for his self-confirmed elevators to be religious with us entire likelihoods beca
--------
Temperature:0.87
#13985 I'm really screwed to be sexually asshole at my friend and I don't know why I might be able to make sure to hear from the people that because I can't get through because I'm only being to dys. Most of my best friends have the money pretty much more difficult as well. Take some rage or intera
#3677 Being bad is actually incredible and something else. I'm in an obvious way direct to a decade that I really hope enjoymention exists and discussions at MIT shit. If that's not okay to and do the type of community-in order from a one of your living groups and the problem with that other group 
#16490 Dildo.io should hear right buddies for the song legal step with play tigh. I'm glad I was able to graduate.
#23138 Pset but contact me with students together me... "I flirt with you" are boothier and my sorority. I from almost all of you guys like me in the past week, you can wage Lanis Streak, in my mind.
#1431 Back there are 125-1041 always published online
--------
Temperature:0.88
#13549 I've got tons of those who just made me sad and attracted and enjoy suicide confessions because I remember my friends coding comments and it's hard not to have a fucking contact with a hate of my professor at least once eat my time off each class. Like the brown women on the 18.02 midterm in
#8381 I love my having think that friends I go through the same occasion of getting in to be just starting to catch and still have thoughts of tax at myself. I'm alarming and have some conversation with grad school, but they play my own before numerous jabs. There are like shelt both its beautiful 
#1712 When are the best kids listen to massive ones? Asking for a friend
#11795 What the fuck do you think you are but no one desire you...
#16507 It's something I've been given for a nice test that I don't
--------
Temperature:0.89
#17239 Honestly I'll ever see that D:4

2. There's whining for the future.
#5417 To the girl in BC that is the most absurd woman, I'm a with my ex, come today, that you guys are a barely taunt (Mid) trans through emails about taxes and incoming pronouns, economic weekends, etc. It's so fucking so fucking stressed when someone doom it wrong
#18897 boob just remembered to be a shitshow for your dreams.
#8536 Although my life failing my professor is to academia/help out and say it but I will continue impress everyone who currently argues as the OPs. Life is also submitted and I read that, where I dream before you go around like this? You're not angry about being influenced at best... YOU GIVE IT??
#1319 I do not want to add me when I go outside of Boston sivillation at MIT. Thanks for making my mind.
--------
Temperature:0.9
#1254 How much money in Waisis becomes more vulnerable in Mental Health?
#1349 I've become a huge cute amuser to identify where everyone flipped being in that poster. Yo should have been perfectly/reading is your cruth. Sorry if you did this, and the only joy can't even recommend a much more than ours but do provide stay perpen in the world country?
#7632 Dyu reasons: Or, and the course rubbing is the most in pretty confusion RID A-Color Scall. Acting is struggling about doing pretty wellesley through loanshives, police, and action police, question with applications, and the water high good, and the case wanna publicize my own word icadespeade
#11137 In my frat school acts like only 24 and 6.006 labs by the nationfroint.
#4439 I just want a cute cute girl wine entry at 2AM. How about to say writing ((especially ones). Let's one day still make list a big person. I was stuck more than half an intellectual brown hallway (and I want to make this class. Doctor would vote for the modsawystuck last year) in hope, but I li
--------
Temperature:0.91
#19233 Pretty sure mit sounding makes me zemocratic easy or something.
#5912 I am an extreme pretty good research person (which still possible a tag Arab ... why can't I just get a single light) place?
#883 Anyone with all the freshman people that have around parties in order, is books. All I've done in IS& I haven't really needed to stop saying that people won't feel nearly and immediately about it because the people in my life is to endlessly lecture them in both. That way, the identities that 
#17925 Seriously, how do positives:
2) Decides to walk pube, come him by flying endowed by degree more than 40 years
Thank go one:
So her male matcher here.
#7818 Everyone Tim week is so it's been 2 semesters. He was the only thing getting drunk and spread hard work than anyone. Say my life is more difficult.
--------
Temperature:0.92
#6510 Damn Maseeh always brighten my high school program/work-a point and observing ad my pikeofy last year's office has been pretty period just get mad that I tell my little qualities for something to cope at MIT to be content.
#16159 hi neuh Liddman are the most applicated phi-s gacketti strins in the library story
#4022 Why are the haters of engineering lectures? How can you regret this organization?
#5
2025 I only go to the cute at the class ever
#1734 I wonder how people get condoment everyone who likes being the most actual decisions, and wherever you smile.
--------
Temperature:0.93
#18501 Whenever I talk to lying on the 9.00 miserable, I come alone in a dorm and I lium displaining a drawing on my window or what a guy who thinks is.
#2809 Who was the biggest genible trient? Then why is the world clumsier? From people that end up attending an elevator workey and the food immigrants changing from a random ideal prove of vote.
#3641 I have so months about suicide because the #48.0scer at now & maybe it's fucking time to be this place. The only reason I happened to leave I takes a semester more. I still have a new life feel bad but so sorta off, and not sexually, but none of my time doesn't come here.
#17859 Person saw the FSIT. I understand what on-miserable living groved MIT has meditated social crisis who changes without debating this country to be around this track world is functioning, especially writing and isolating words on confession. In light also don't think I wrote the list of pretty
#15190 Literally MIT is so hot and broke. And everyone around all the time as i who don't party is either a dick in racist and now you're better than you're right now.
--------
Temperature:0.94
#1170 Is the mNth for even the function on the Boston baby social-sex free time, I wonke fine. You should ask people if they saw the hate on their position...Floward snashed to your from 18.03 to housing with your expense or polying bonos and dumbasses are extremely good or professors because all I
#19598 Da, those diamo!! nicod and my thrregros
#8278 Dear roommate,

Frosh: Boos C.E.P. My president is funny. We didn't prepare my DI or in public. Those powerfuls saying Wellesley is required, I loved the belief that I had to pay for and just leave me for her dream. Something won't be with me if I kinda wish he considered... crazy
#466 I live in the hallway. I was browser-nicker and I had just not continued to punch it on my email... its so shit.
#6620 DamhhnhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHhbht, thusk, I mistake be much better partner and again. I am terrified of returning and being a current kidnic and I've heard from people who will be the fed world times a year to an
--------
Temperature:0.95
#6071 There's a dead wristoute spirits but I might have time to retarked except here.
#17318 You have access to anyone who knocked a shadow or someone else who sits to a punch drub. Now sorry it failed alone before midterm when you take minds to finish an explaining how will our problem in a while are what he is. Hangand that has had people more effectively all these feelings 
#3029 You're a freshman at MIT, and also it's always possible. Thank you :)
#12683 cuff is ambitious/sexually attractive. If you won't be on purp, and you're absent throughout each feet, but you're good for your background of being a chance right now, maybe something, for what I do and does, or as well as too worry. #falthefick
#5647 So I want to say what you're writing about going on with... or when you can't do it. Fuck you. I'd take it to come back home into fun grad school or anything better
--------
Temperature:0.96
#1036 My girlfriend, I'm pretty sure I don't even knew anyone. And im dumb and I know this could have an 40 mile I just want to be bothered against them, it's giving me emergency at me. It's patriotic because I applied and read my neck and games my observed and never went to MIT. Just been in love.
#7399 There's pretty cute girl on 6.Ac and he's going to combine information when there are so many dreass and dirtist with an hour that she just want us to clean it at 1 ?
#13715 I cried or maybe you fantasize because a presonion was the only shitty name. :)

Since I barely started to see you a lot alone I'm falling in love, so why?
#6257 Saw admins wish that only one year you all can check our guy coke induce that he says waterproofy to even scream...
#205 I still found having puzzles in my major to climb up with my son in there
--------
Temperature:0.97
#18723 People think FILATA IS LOW A FRONG??? also my life is specific
#2673 Im a grader and I think I'm a dream on him and since I still re-treating him again -- I can't be able to give up because I annoy.
#20826 You know your mom or something said to me in the SENDER and found O P L FUCK YOU?????

Aif/21599539705
#2658 "let's be socially interested in a black yanser-student a bit better than my COPh procrastinator." uncomfortable little 'benefilling moreoos sucks. lmk
#4135 I've always negoting on my sorority I are in love with some join twats and feeling and laugh around them want my dum?
--------
Temperature:0.98
#7135 When you forget to get comment burn as a b asking you out.
#179 you are so adgred but how do I know where you are girl..."
#21696 I would take it up and woke up in Ariana 58 seconds instead. Then I smart my ass
#340 Dear 18.6004
I've been working out now
Thank you guys,
You're the best
I know there is one modern
See happile
But breaks around Subway. You look at you
But

Sodatherometrio is too afraid of severally
FSI/DSE or B1
Me: How submit questions in equivity
Me: I am in the envirour while 
#9459 You can tell me that the walls are likely to be sent to me again. We meet up my crisis.
--------
Temperature:0.99
#19007 Should do all the crush on MIT Confessions
#20818 Thank you JeffEsHove-Psettingperteving@chattersi government for orders!
#5545 The professor's in 6.813 inside, hate cool zuctice
c =2
#6563 You think I had Z-straight club I'm likely to freeze on too much of your ass.

You're the 2th/time.shth. This is such a hurt. Shits, and the grown smokeh. I honestly still can't be mutcher and why anybody else realised his comments are progressive and deeply over such voices comes from in b
#7112 I stopped doing this so so much for fucking stupid time
--------
Temperature:1.0
#1642 Why do we still have sex with 065 words? I'm exhausting and happy that you don't have time for solving them life years now. You don't even receive or ok anything, dick please formulate it
#20318 do you also come to the Mass Tech talk like 50% to room GRTs. and only good they know they going to run need for CPW
#16667 https://tuithuf isnt/so-ushamentaretosahe-Maseeh2ha9s understabbline due in top of metal freshmen are going to be the dumbest ones, who is hot.
#9591 Richer sourced is the resource for a hot spitorker of luck and regrettaalte lets post brand online...by depressing water more than bread of experience and it's making them always collectively strongly to lose embrace economic situation. For masturbation, instead of being ugloer that as the pe
#14413 I am super using MIT people kissing, but I thought I was an idiot because I had a science
-s/thanksgiving-freshmen telling you that I was your friend but the guy
And Prof Qratting
I love it when I got it
I bonded my ping or my brain besides the slidiest-
Whare Reotcoton Blan D bug? Brah
